# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE: 3.2.2023
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika

### Minutes
Quick overview of the project and it's scope

### Action points
Our team was adviced to make a more advanced graph of different data types and their relations




## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:** 20.2.2023
* **ASSISTANTS:** Ivan

### Minutes
Database models and their relations were discussed. Thoughts about how these relations will function within the API itself and what are their limitations

### Action points
ON DELETE relations should be specified also to the 'relationships' between classes. Meetings file should be filled and resource allocation should be slightly more spesific. Script should be made that automatically populates the database. Media URL and reaction type validity should be checked on either API or database side.




## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




